no-csp-reports: * true
no-large-media: * true
no-large-media: mail.163.com false
no-large-media: ti.360.com false
no-large-media: dl.acm.org false
no-large-media: wenku.baidu.com false
no-large-media: behind-the-scene false
no-large-media: search.bilibili.com false
no-large-media: blog.csdn.net false
no-large-media: dietpi.com false
no-large-media: www.cs.ecnu.edu.cn false
no-large-media: www.educoder.net false
no-large-media: trbmfwwixz.feishu.cn false
no-large-media: www.fenbi.com false
no-large-media: www.filescan.io false
no-large-media: gitee.com false
no-large-media: javabetter.cn false
no-large-media: jd.com false
no-large-media: www.jianguoyun.com false
no-large-media: cissm.liquifiedapps.com false
no-large-media: gxsf.magtech.com.cn false
no-large-media: im.qq.com false
no-large-media: taobao.com false
no-large-media: www.whonix.org false
no-large-media: platform.wps.cn false
no-large-media: www.wps.cn false
no-large-media: xbeibeix.com false
no-large-media: portal.xjnu.edu.cn false
no-large-media: zhuanlan.zhihu.com false
no-remote-fonts: * true
no-remote-fonts: mail.163.com false
no-remote-fonts: ti.360.com false
no-remote-fonts: dl.acm.org false
no-remote-fonts: wenku.baidu.com false
no-remote-fonts: search.bilibili.com false
no-remote-fonts: dietpi.com false
no-remote-fonts: www.cs.ecnu.edu.cn false
no-remote-fonts: www.educoder.net false
no-remote-fonts: trbmfwwixz.feishu.cn false
no-remote-fonts: www.fenbi.com false
no-remote-fonts: www.filescan.io false
no-remote-fonts: gitee.com false
no-remote-fonts: javabetter.cn false
no-remote-fonts: jd.com false
no-remote-fonts: www.jianguoyun.com false
no-remote-fonts: cissm.liquifiedapps.com false
no-remote-fonts: gxsf.magtech.com.cn false
no-remote-fonts: numpy.org false
no-remote-fonts: im.qq.com false
no-remote-fonts: taobao.com false
no-remote-fonts: www.whonix.org false
no-remote-fonts: platform.wps.cn false
no-remote-fonts: www.wps.cn false
no-remote-fonts: xbeibeix.com false
no-remote-fonts: portal.xjnu.edu.cn false
no-scripting: * true
no-scripting: mail.163.com false
no-scripting: jywg.18.cn false
no-scripting: ti.360.com false
no-scripting: ata.360.net false
no-scripting: dl.acm.org false
no-scripting: chat18.aichatos.xyz false
no-scripting: cashiersa1280.alipay.com false
no-scripting: cschat-ccs.aliyun.com false
no-scripting: apps.ankiweb.net false
no-scripting: app.any.run false
no-scripting: pan.baidu.com false
no-scripting: tieba.baidu.com false
no-scripting: wenku.baidu.com false
no-scripting: search.bilibili.com false
no-scripting: www.bilibili.com false
no-scripting: cn.bing.com false
no-scripting: www.bing.com false
no-scripting: yz.chsi.com.cn false
no-scripting: www.cnblogs.com false
no-scripting: kns.cnki.net false
no-scripting: login.cnki.net false
no-scripting: rencai.cnki.net false
no-scripting: www.cnki.net false
no-scripting: code-industry.net false
no-scripting: blog.csdn.net false
no-scripting: dietpi.com false
no-scripting: www.docin.com false
no-scripting: eastmoney.com false
no-scripting: www.cs.ecnu.edu.cn false
no-scripting: edaser.github.io false
no-scripting: www.educoder.net false
no-scripting: www.eudic.net false
no-scripting: trbmfwwixz.feishu.cn false
no-scripting: www.fenbi.com false
no-scripting: www.filescan.io false
no-scripting: gitee.com false
no-scripting: archiveprogram.github.com false
no-scripting: drive.google.com false
no-scripting: scholar.google.com false
no-scripting: translate.google.com false
no-scripting: www.google.com false
no-scripting: ip.cn false
no-scripting: javabetter.cn false
no-scripting: jd.com false
no-scripting: www.jianguoyun.com false
no-scripting: www.kancloud.cn false
no-scripting: opentip.kaspersky.com false
no-scripting: support.kaspersky.com false
no-scripting: linguaresources.com false
no-scripting: www.linuxquestions.org false
no-scripting: cissm.liquifiedapps.com false
no-scripting: gxsf.magtech.com.cn false
no-scripting: www.malwares.com false
no-scripting: answers.microsoft.com false
no-scripting: www.microsoft.com false
no-scripting: www.msn.cn false
no-scripting: cet-bm.neea.edu.cn false
no-scripting: www.njfu.edu.cn false
no-scripting: poma.nsfocus.com false
no-scripting: setup.office.com false
no-scripting: oi-wiki.org false
no-scripting: global.pantum.com false
no-scripting: im.qq.com false
no-scripting: www.sse.com.cn false
no-scripting: www.startpage.com true
no-scripting: www.suishouxie.com false
no-scripting: www.szse.cn false
no-scripting: taobao.com false
no-scripting: meeting.tencent.com false
no-scripting: tmall.com false
no-scripting: www.virustotal.com false
no-scripting: www.whonix.org false
no-scripting: platform.wps.cn false
no-scripting: www.wps.cn false
no-scripting: cn.wsj.com false
no-scripting: xbeibeix.com false
no-scripting: portal.xjnu.edu.cn false
no-scripting: xueqiu.com false
no-scripting: www.yili.com false
no-scripting: www.zhihu.com false
no-scripting: zhuanlan.zhihu.com false
behind-the-scene * * noop
behind-the-scene * 1p-script noop
behind-the-scene * 3p noop
behind-the-scene * 3p-frame noop
behind-the-scene * 3p-script noop
behind-the-scene * image noop
behind-the-scene * inline-script noop
